Multiple articles: Re-work article pivots (#175)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/get_started/get-started.md

    > [!NOTE]
    > Setting the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable using the `set` command only affects the current shell session. To make this change permanent across sessions, you can use the `setx` command and restart the shell session.

    ::: zone-end
    ::: zone pivot="shell-powershell"

    ```powershell
    $env:VCPKG_ROOT = "C:\path\to\vcpkg"
    $env:PATH = "$env:VCPKG_ROOT;$env:PATH"
    ```

    > [!NOTE]

>     > Setting the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable in this way only affects the current shell session. To make this change permanent across sessions, you would typically modify them through the Windows System Properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Setting the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable in this way only affects the current shell session. To persist this change across sessions, you would typically modify them through the Windows System Properties.
```

>     > Setting the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable in this way only affects the current shell session. To make this change permanent across sessions, you would typically modify them through the Windows System Properties.

Reviewer: I couldn't find what the Windows System Properties were and how to set them. Can you explain what that is?
